09/21/2021
Today I learned a lot things. I learned how to clone from Github and join the project. Thank you.
It's wonderful to learn new stuffs on GITHub everyday.
I appreciate your efforts to teach us great things. Thank you.

09/22/2021
Today I learned about functions in SQL. I also learned about Group By in SQL. 
It was quite interesting to learn on Indexes, Joins and how data from different tables could be connected.

9/23/2021
Today I learned on inner join, left join and right join in SQL. 
Inner join is the basic join that gives the results of both the left and right tables values for their respective keys. 
Left join gives all the records from the left table regardless of having corresponding records in the right table. 
Right join works exactly in the other way where right table provides all the records whether or not it has a corresponding records in the left table.

9/27/2021

Last week, we had studied indexes and joins in the class. I learned how to join the syntax in order to get the results to my queries.
Furthermore, by doing exercises, I got an opportunity to familiar with solving the real life problems in the companies. For example:
how to find the current employess who has the highest salary in the specific department; how to find the female employees whose salary is more 
than $75,000 in the customer service department etc.
Similarly, I learned how to join the different columns of more than 2 tables with the common columns in those tables in order to get the 
information to our queries. It's fascinating to learn to get the needed information from connecting rows and columns from different
tables.

10/22/2021

Today I had a Pandas Assessment in class. I was little nervous during the assessment as the questions were really challenging. However, I got an opportunity to learn some good Python / Pandas coding while taking the assessment. The review after the assessment was quite refreshing on the materials on Python / Pandas. After lunch, I had a lecture on spreadsheet. It's quite surprising to know that we can do a lot of things in spreadsheet and Mr. Rabindra told us that spreadsheet has been continuously updated and added new features and functionality regularly. Some of the things that we do in Python and SQL could be done simply in spreadsheet. The beauty of spreadsheet is that more than one person can work on the same project as a team. I hope to learn more stuffs on spreadsheet when I do spreadsheet exercises.
